All downloadable items that are provided by EC-Council, including but not limited to Tools/Software/Codes (“Materials”), are for educational purposes only. The user is instructed not to use any of the programs or content of the Materials for any other purpose which may violate any Laws or infringe on the Copyright protection. Any reproduction or redistribution of the materials is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and/or criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.

The Materials are provided ‘as is’ without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of fitness for a purpose, or the warranty of non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, EC-Council makes no warranty that:

i. The material will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
ii. The results that may be obtained from the use of the downloaded material will be effective, accurate or reliable.
iii. Any errors in the software obtained from Aspen website will be corrected.
The Materials may:
iv. Include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. EC-Council may, without notice, make changes to the Materials or documentation made available on its web site.
v. Be out of date, and EC-Council makes no commitment to update such materials.
EC-Council assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the materials or documentation available from all of its web site.

In no event shall EC-Council be liable to you or any third parties for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not EC-Council has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Materials.

The use of the Materials is done at your own discretion and risk and with agreement that you shall be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such activities. No advice or information, whether oral or written, which may be obtained by you from any of EC-Council or Aspen web site shall create any warranty for the materials.
